---
layout: post
title: Day 1 
author: Trei
---

Everything starts with why.....or does it? 

## Day 1 
-----

It is awkward to start or initiate something new. Like what I am doing right now. 

Making a personal website is never something on my to-do list. It's not because I don't want to do it, somehow I just never really feel the need to start this. So what will my personal website look like.....? Honestly I have never think of that.

This perfectly describes how I feel about most things in life.

When it comes to writing for me, normally it ends up like this - I either feel that I have so much to write about, or just complete blank, feeling no urge at all to open up my journal or just to get a pen. At times when I feel like writing, my thoughts are running fast inside my brain, like an explosion of ideas, yet the ideas are so unorganized!!! And by the time that I finish writing the first sentence, I am left with nothing to say. 

W.T.F. 

I then enter this self-blaming mode, feeling so miserable about myself, so shallow and superficial, that I have nothing to talk about or no feelings and ideas about everything. Is it because I always just quit when I get frustrated? always waiting for others to solve all the problems for me? I have the answer now, it's because I don't like to do this simple yet difficult thing called....

THINK.

So, from today on, I will use my blog to practice thinking, about the things I see, feel and experience in life. I want to practice converging and summarize my ideas into a concise thoughts, ultimately to become the person that has meaningful ideas to discuss and share with people.

Will I achieve this? Well, if you don't start, you will never get there, so let's see :) 
